draft.md, before:

---
layout: draft
title: R Weekly 2024-W48
description: Draft of the R Weekly
image: https://rweekly.org/public/facebook.png
---


+ [How to have (my) content shared by R Weekly?](https://github.com/rweekly/rweekly.org#how-to-have-my-content-shared-by-r-weekly)

This week’s release was curated by [Tony ElHabr](https://tonyelhabr.rbind.io/), with help from the R Weekly team members and contributors.


### Highlight



### Insights

+ [Expand your Bluesky network with R and the atrrr package](https://blog.stephenturner.us/p/expand-your-bluesky-network-with-r)

![Expand your Bluesky network with R and the atrrr package](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/66480b28-addf-4487-9586-dabd5eab0230)

+ [S7 & Options objects - reimagining readr::read_csv()](https://josiahparry.com/posts/2024-11-21-s7-options-objects)

+ [3MW (5 Lessons For Getting Better At Programming)](https://3mw.albert-rapp.de/p/5-lessons-for-getting-better-at-programming)

+ [So Your Team Needs Help with R Shiny - What are Your Options?](https://www.appsilon.com/post/help-with-shiny)

### R in the Real World

+ [Spotify Wrapped: R and ggplot2 Edition](https://rpubs.com/colebaril/spotify-wrapped) - [code](https://github.com/colebaril/dataviz/blob/main/spotify-wrapped/Spotify_2024.Rmd)

+ [You’ve Been Waiting for Native Mobile Apps with R? The Wait Is Over.](https://rtask.thinkr.fr/youve-been-waiting-for-native-mobile-apps-with-r-the-wait-is-over/)

+ [Mapping the Vendée Globe](https://jonathankitt.netlify.app/posts/2024-11-20-vendee-globe/)

### R in Organizations

+ [Using LLM agents to review tutorials ‘in character’ as learners](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/posts/ai-learner-review/)

### R in Academia

+ [A new topic model for analyzing imbalanced corpora](https://blog.koheiw.net/?p=2233)

### New Packages

<!-- <p class="added-hostname"><a href="https://rweekly.org/live" target="_blank" class="externalLink">📦 <i>Go Live for More New Pkgs</i> 📦</a></p> -->
<p class="added-hostname"><a href="https://dirk.eddelbuettel.com/cranberries/cran/new/" target="_blank" class="externalLink">📦 <i>Keep up to date wtih CRANberries</i> 📦</a></p>

**CRAN**

+ [{tsmarch} 1.0.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tsmarch): Multivariate ARCH Models

+ [{roxy.shinylive} 1.0.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxy.shinylive): A 'roxygen2' Extension for 'Shinylive'

+ [{kendallknight} 0.4.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=kendallknight): Efficient Implementation of Kendall's Correlation Coefficient Computation

+ [{talkr} 0.1.3](https://cran.r-project.org/package=talkr): Plotting Conversation Data

+ [{effectplots} 0.1.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=effectplots): Effect Plots

### Updated Packages

<i>🔍 [Search on R-universe](https://r-universe.dev/search/) 🔍</i>

+ [{tinytable} 0.6.1](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tinytable): Simple and Configurable Tables in 'HTML', 'LaTeX', 'Markdown', 'Word', 'PNG', 'PDF', and 'Typst' Formats - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/tinytable)

+ [{ggiraph} 0.8.11](https://cran.r-project.org/package=ggiraph): Make 'ggplot2' Graphics Interactive - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/ggiraph)

+ [{duckdb} 1.1.3](https://cran.r-project.org/package=duckdb): DBI Package for the DuckDB Database Management System - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/duckdb)

+ [{tidyvpc} 1.5.2](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tidyvpc): VPC Percentiles and Prediction Intervals - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/tidyvpc)

+ [{targets} 1.9.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=targets): Dynamic Function-Oriented 'Make'-Like Declarative Pipelines - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/targets)

### Videos and Podcasts

+ [Listen to the R-Weekly Highlights Podcast](https://serve.podhome.fm/r-weekly-highlights)


### Shiny Apps

+ [Signature.py: Award-Winning Application at the 2024 Shiny Contest](https://rtask.thinkr.fr/signature-py-award-winning-application-at-the-2024-shiny-contest/)


### Tutorials

+ [Random Effects and Overdispersion](https://jofrhwld.github.io/blog/posts/2024/11/2024-11-20_poisson-ranef/)

+ [Random effect priors, redo](https://jofrhwld.github.io/blog/posts/2024/11/2024-11-19_logit-priors-again/)

+ [100 Bushels of Corn, Revisited](https://rworks.dev/posts/100Bushels-Revisited/)

+ [How to Make Data Validation Easy in R/Shiny with pointblank](https://www.appsilon.com/post/data-validation-with-pointblank)

+ [RStudio Addin 101 for beginners](https://jhk0530.medium.com/rstudio-addin-101-ed0e67503b57)

+ [India](https://r.iresmi.net/posts/2024/india/)

+ [Bike accidents](https://r.iresmi.net/posts/2024/accident/)

+ [How to Compare Two Columns in R: A Comprehensive Guide with Examples](https://www.spsanderson.com/steveondata/posts/2024-11-21/)

+ [How to Compare Two Vectors in base R With Examples](https://www.spsanderson.com/steveondata/posts/2024-11-18/)

<!--<div class="post-more-begin></div><div class="post-more-end"></div>-->

### R Project Updates

Updates from [R Core](http://developer.r-project.org/blosxom.cgi/R-devel/NEWS):

### Call for Participation

### Upcoming Events in 3 Months

Events in 3 Months:

+ [2024-12-19 - Crafting Custom and Reproducible PDF Reports with Quarto and Typst in R workshop](https://r-posts.com/crafting-custom-and-reproducible-pdf-reports-with-quarto-and-typst-in-r-workshop/)

+ [R/Pharma APAC track](https://rinpharma.com/post/2024-07-17-apac-track/)

+ [A list of R conferences and meetings](https://jumpingrivers.github.io/meetingsR/events.html)

+ [This week's local R-User and applied stats events](https://community.rstudio.com/c/irl)

+ [Weekly R Workshops for Ukraine](https://sites.google.com/view/dariia-mykhailyshyna/main/r-workshops-for-ukraine)

### Connect

<i>[Join the Data Science Learning Community](https://DSLC.io/)</i>

### rtistry

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbcbrluvrc2b" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreigpfavjqzwhmnf4mwekxdkksh3tgex7mbauatumcgu4nflbbdqyze"><p lang="en">The EU only with letters. 🅰️🅱️©️ 🇪🇺
#30DayMapChallenge Day 19 Typography #rstats #maps<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/post/3lbcbrluvrc2b?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Ansgar Wolsing (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6?ref_src=embed">@ansgarw.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/post/3lbcbrluvrc2b?ref_src=embed">November 19, 2024 at 5:00 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/app.bsky.feed.post/3lborpd6pok2e" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreib6rlh27uyq7cz75xubqcffe2ubfhp3m5dsusks34f6c5zytdwx54"><p lang="en">💨Winds of November in Europe! My latest map shows average wind speeds and directions sweeping across the continent this month, brought to life with data from the Climate Data Store

Watch this video and start making your wind maps:
youtu.be/d8VZMjhBFwE

#dataviz #maps #wind #rstats<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/post/3lborpd6pok2e?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; milos makes maps (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26?ref_src=embed">@milos-makes-maps.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/post/3lborpd6pok2e?ref_src=embed">November 24, 2024 at 4:17 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

### Quotes of the Week

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbhvum4ywk2q" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreidqjem57epdtm4rpjp3lgflbuvjhkpg5bpti2y3mi6vxzu6s52mti"><p lang="en">Tangential: I just learned about the row_number() function from @jofrhwld.bsky.social‬&#x27;s blog post. And all this time I&#x27;ve been using 1:n() like a total sucker. The other parts of the blog post are cool, too. #Rstats<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/post/3lbhvum4ywk2q?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Solomon Kurz (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4?ref_src=embed">@solomonkurz.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/post/3lbhvum4ywk2q?ref_src=embed">November 21, 2024 at 10:42 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbf64oeus226" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreiapfdetqdpxqymnc4bsvhgdz7rhj43eu7d64mcstyg6loeom3qc74"><p lang="en">Stirring the pot this morning: #rstats crowd, which do you prefer?

df3 &lt;- df1 |&gt;
  left_join(df2)

OR

df3 &lt;- left_join(df1, df2)</p>&mdash; Spencer Schien (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh?ref_src=embed">@mrpecners.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh/post/3lbf64oeus226?ref_src=embed">November 20, 2024 at 8:32 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbeo6ngme22j" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreicjemwp4rhbaf7fbfgpqidqrq2el2pslxqzhpxsbolc5ygrcos6uu"><p lang="en">First time asking for help writing #RStats code with Gemini. I guess I&#x27;ll stick with ChatGPT for now....<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/post/3lbeo6ngme22j?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; jsmiths.bsky.social (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso?ref_src=embed">@jsmiths.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/post/3lbeo6ngme22j?ref_src=embed">November 20, 2024 at 3:47 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Commit message:

Add new blog on LM Studio and R

draft.md, after:

---
layout: draft
title: R Weekly 2024-W48
description: Draft of the R Weekly
image: https://rweekly.org/public/facebook.png
---


+ [How to have (my) content shared by R Weekly?](https://github.com/rweekly/rweekly.org#how-to-have-my-content-shared-by-r-weekly)

This week’s release was curated by [Tony ElHabr](https://tonyelhabr.rbind.io/), with help from the R Weekly team members and contributors.


### Highlight



### Insights

+ [Expand your Bluesky network with R and the atrrr package](https://blog.stephenturner.us/p/expand-your-bluesky-network-with-r)

![Expand your Bluesky network with R and the atrrr package](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/66480b28-addf-4487-9586-dabd5eab0230)

+ [S7 & Options objects - reimagining readr::read_csv()](https://josiahparry.com/posts/2024-11-21-s7-options-objects)

+ [3MW (5 Lessons For Getting Better At Programming)](https://3mw.albert-rapp.de/p/5-lessons-for-getting-better-at-programming)

+ [So Your Team Needs Help with R Shiny - What are Your Options?](https://www.appsilon.com/post/help-with-shiny)

### R in the Real World

+ [Spotify Wrapped: R and ggplot2 Edition](https://rpubs.com/colebaril/spotify-wrapped) - [code](https://github.com/colebaril/dataviz/blob/main/spotify-wrapped/Spotify_2024.Rmd)

+ [You’ve Been Waiting for Native Mobile Apps with R? The Wait Is Over.](https://rtask.thinkr.fr/youve-been-waiting-for-native-mobile-apps-with-r-the-wait-is-over/)

+ [Mapping the Vendée Globe](https://jonathankitt.netlify.app/posts/2024-11-20-vendee-globe/)

+ [Summarising Top 100 UK Climbs: Running Local Language Models with LM Studio and R](https://martinctc.github.io/blog/summarising-top-100-uk-climbs-running-local-language-models-with-lm-studio-and-r/) 

### R in Organizations

+ [Using LLM agents to review tutorials ‘in character’ as learners](https://epiverse-trace.github.io/posts/ai-learner-review/)

### R in Academia

+ [A new topic model for analyzing imbalanced corpora](https://blog.koheiw.net/?p=2233)

### New Packages

<!-- <p class="added-hostname"><a href="https://rweekly.org/live" target="_blank" class="externalLink">📦 <i>Go Live for More New Pkgs</i> 📦</a></p> -->
<p class="added-hostname"><a href="https://dirk.eddelbuettel.com/cranberries/cran/new/" target="_blank" class="externalLink">📦 <i>Keep up to date wtih CRANberries</i> 📦</a></p>

**CRAN**

+ [{tsmarch} 1.0.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tsmarch): Multivariate ARCH Models

+ [{roxy.shinylive} 1.0.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=roxy.shinylive): A 'roxygen2' Extension for 'Shinylive'

+ [{kendallknight} 0.4.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=kendallknight): Efficient Implementation of Kendall's Correlation Coefficient Computation

+ [{talkr} 0.1.3](https://cran.r-project.org/package=talkr): Plotting Conversation Data

+ [{effectplots} 0.1.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=effectplots): Effect Plots

### Updated Packages

<i>🔍 [Search on R-universe](https://r-universe.dev/search/) 🔍</i>

+ [{tinytable} 0.6.1](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tinytable): Simple and Configurable Tables in 'HTML', 'LaTeX', 'Markdown', 'Word', 'PNG', 'PDF', and 'Typst' Formats - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/tinytable)

+ [{ggiraph} 0.8.11](https://cran.r-project.org/package=ggiraph): Make 'ggplot2' Graphics Interactive - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/ggiraph)

+ [{duckdb} 1.1.3](https://cran.r-project.org/package=duckdb): DBI Package for the DuckDB Database Management System - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/duckdb)

+ [{tidyvpc} 1.5.2](https://cran.r-project.org/package=tidyvpc): VPC Percentiles and Prediction Intervals - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/tidyvpc)

+ [{targets} 1.9.0](https://cran.r-project.org/package=targets): Dynamic Function-Oriented 'Make'-Like Declarative Pipelines - [diffify](https://diffify.com/R/targets)

### Videos and Podcasts

+ [Listen to the R-Weekly Highlights Podcast](https://serve.podhome.fm/r-weekly-highlights)


### Shiny Apps

+ [Signature.py: Award-Winning Application at the 2024 Shiny Contest](https://rtask.thinkr.fr/signature-py-award-winning-application-at-the-2024-shiny-contest/)


### Tutorials

+ [Random Effects and Overdispersion](https://jofrhwld.github.io/blog/posts/2024/11/2024-11-20_poisson-ranef/)

+ [Random effect priors, redo](https://jofrhwld.github.io/blog/posts/2024/11/2024-11-19_logit-priors-again/)

+ [100 Bushels of Corn, Revisited](https://rworks.dev/posts/100Bushels-Revisited/)

+ [How to Make Data Validation Easy in R/Shiny with pointblank](https://www.appsilon.com/post/data-validation-with-pointblank)

+ [RStudio Addin 101 for beginners](https://jhk0530.medium.com/rstudio-addin-101-ed0e67503b57)

+ [India](https://r.iresmi.net/posts/2024/india/)

+ [Bike accidents](https://r.iresmi.net/posts/2024/accident/)

+ [How to Compare Two Columns in R: A Comprehensive Guide with Examples](https://www.spsanderson.com/steveondata/posts/2024-11-21/)

+ [How to Compare Two Vectors in base R With Examples](https://www.spsanderson.com/steveondata/posts/2024-11-18/)

<!--<div class="post-more-begin></div><div class="post-more-end"></div>-->

### R Project Updates

Updates from [R Core](http://developer.r-project.org/blosxom.cgi/R-devel/NEWS):

### Call for Participation

### Upcoming Events in 3 Months

Events in 3 Months:

+ [2024-12-19 - Crafting Custom and Reproducible PDF Reports with Quarto and Typst in R workshop](https://r-posts.com/crafting-custom-and-reproducible-pdf-reports-with-quarto-and-typst-in-r-workshop/)

+ [R/Pharma APAC track](https://rinpharma.com/post/2024-07-17-apac-track/)

+ [A list of R conferences and meetings](https://jumpingrivers.github.io/meetingsR/events.html)

+ [This week's local R-User and applied stats events](https://community.rstudio.com/c/irl)

+ [Weekly R Workshops for Ukraine](https://sites.google.com/view/dariia-mykhailyshyna/main/r-workshops-for-ukraine)

### Connect

<i>[Join the Data Science Learning Community](https://DSLC.io/)</i>

### rtistry

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbcbrluvrc2b" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreigpfavjqzwhmnf4mwekxdkksh3tgex7mbauatumcgu4nflbbdqyze"><p lang="en">The EU only with letters. 🅰️🅱️©️ 🇪🇺
#30DayMapChallenge Day 19 Typography #rstats #maps<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/post/3lbcbrluvrc2b?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Ansgar Wolsing (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6?ref_src=embed">@ansgarw.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:bjm7fq6jgotowpim5ggfbzw6/post/3lbcbrluvrc2b?ref_src=embed">November 19, 2024 at 5:00 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/app.bsky.feed.post/3lborpd6pok2e" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreib6rlh27uyq7cz75xubqcffe2ubfhp3m5dsusks34f6c5zytdwx54"><p lang="en">💨Winds of November in Europe! My latest map shows average wind speeds and directions sweeping across the continent this month, brought to life with data from the Climate Data Store

Watch this video and start making your wind maps:
youtu.be/d8VZMjhBFwE

#dataviz #maps #wind #rstats<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/post/3lborpd6pok2e?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; milos makes maps (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26?ref_src=embed">@milos-makes-maps.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sybrdz7aogvs66qwh374ke26/post/3lborpd6pok2e?ref_src=embed">November 24, 2024 at 4:17 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

### Quotes of the Week

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbhvum4ywk2q" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreidqjem57epdtm4rpjp3lgflbuvjhkpg5bpti2y3mi6vxzu6s52mti"><p lang="en">Tangential: I just learned about the row_number() function from @jofrhwld.bsky.social‬&#x27;s blog post. And all this time I&#x27;ve been using 1:n() like a total sucker. The other parts of the blog post are cool, too. #Rstats<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/post/3lbhvum4ywk2q?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; Solomon Kurz (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4?ref_src=embed">@solomonkurz.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:vvh2bpvv5h5hmruh36seh7i4/post/3lbhvum4ywk2q?ref_src=embed">November 21, 2024 at 10:42 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbf64oeus226" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreiapfdetqdpxqymnc4bsvhgdz7rhj43eu7d64mcstyg6loeom3qc74"><p lang="en">Stirring the pot this morning: #rstats crowd, which do you prefer?

df3 &lt;- df1 |&gt;
  left_join(df2)

OR

df3 &lt;- left_join(df1, df2)</p>&mdash; Spencer Schien (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh?ref_src=embed">@mrpecners.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:dq6h2h2u26c5s4ctfufl7tkh/post/3lbf64oeus226?ref_src=embed">November 20, 2024 at 8:32 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

<blockquote class="bluesky-embed" data-bluesky-uri="at://did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/app.bsky.feed.post/3lbeo6ngme22j" data-bluesky-cid="bafyreicjemwp4rhbaf7fbfgpqidqrq2el2pslxqzhpxsbolc5ygrcos6uu"><p lang="en">First time asking for help writing #RStats code with Gemini. I guess I&#x27;ll stick with ChatGPT for now....<br><br><a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/post/3lbeo6ngme22j?ref_src=embed">[image or embed]</a></p>&mdash; jsmiths.bsky.social (<a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso?ref_src=embed">@jsmiths.bsky.social</a>) <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/did:plc:sltw5brzscj2jnhx4urtqtso/post/3lbeo6ngme22j?ref_src=embed">November 20, 2024 at 3:47 AM</a></blockquote><script async src="https://embed.bsky.app/static/embed.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
